Streamline home page (#204)
OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contribute
```

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to
agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to,
and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit
https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need
to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the
instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repositories using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Typos, issues, bugs and contributions

When you submit changes to this repository, please follow these recommendations.

* Always fork the repository to your own account for applying modifications.

> * Do not combine multiple changes in one pull request. Please submit separate PRs for each fix, update, or new sample.

Reviewer: I think the contraction makes this sound less severe.
```suggestion
* Don't combine multiple changes in one pull request. Please submit separate PRs for each fix, update, or new sample.
```

* If you are submitting a typo or documentation fix, you can combine modifications in a single PR where suitable.

> ## Sample naming and structure guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample guidelines
```

When you are submitting a new sample, use the following guidelines.

> **Check for existing samples**

Reviewer: Consider using H3s instead of bold text.
```suggestion
### Check for existing samples
```

If you find a similar sample that already exists in the repo, we would prefer that you extend the existing one, rather than submit a new similar sample.

> **Create a README.md file**

Reviewer: Consider using H3s instead of bold text.
```suggestion
### Create a README.md file
```

Create a README.md file for your code sample, and base it on the [provided template](/Teamplates/readme-template.md). The README must be named README.md with capital letters.

> **Update tracking image**

Reviewer: Consider using H3s instead of bold text.
```suggestion
### Update tracking image
```

The README template contains specific tracking image as a final entry in the page with img tag by default to https://telemetry.sharepointpnp.com/pnp-officeaddins/samples/name-of-sample. This is transparent image, which is used to track anonymous view counts of individual samples in GitHub.

> Update the image src element according to correct repository name and folder information. If your sample is for example in samples folder and named as react-todo, src element should be updated as https://telemetry.sharepointpnp.com/pnp-officeaddins/samples/react-todo.

Reviewer: Some formatting suggestions for clarity.
```suggestion
Update the image `src` element according to correct repository name and folder information. For example, if your sample is **/samples** folder and named as "react-todo", `src` element should be updated as https://telemetry.sharepointpnp.com/pnp-officeaddins/samples/react-todo.
```

> **Name the solution**

Reviewer: Consider using H3s instead of bold text.
```suggestion
### Name the solution
```

When you are submitting a new sample solution, please name the sample solution folder accordingly.

* The solution folder should be under the **/Samples** folder of this repo.
* Folder name should be in the format [product]-[scenario]-[platform]. For example, a sample that shows how to create data-bound Excel tables using React, should be named "excel-data-bound-tables-react". The names are all lowercase.
* If your solution is demonstrating multiple technologies, please use functional terms as the name for the solution folder.

> * Do not use period/dot in the folder name of the provided sample.

Reviewer: We should avoid the `/` as "or".
```suggestion
* Do not use a period in the folder name of the provided sample.
```
